# 2025-01-23 - First Standup

**Secretary:** Minh
**Absent:** I forgot

## **Agenda Items & Discussion:**

### **1. Tech Stack**
* **Tech Stack:**
  * Tech stack has been approved.
  * Branch `2-repository-setup-and-continuous-integration` is ready for a Pull Request (PR).
* **Codecov & Sonar:** Admin setup has been separated into a dedicated issue and is being addressed ASAP by @jeffersonsteelflex7007
* **External Libraries Documentation:** @allaye_4 , please add any other APIs you think we need that were not covered in bidding doc.
* **System Diagrams:**
  * System diagrams are tentatively accepted.
  * `5-software-architecture---r1` will be submitted for a PR once pushes are made.
  * Changes can be made later if needed, hopefully with teacher approval.
* **UI Wireframes:**
  * UI wireframes (`3-ui-prototypes---r1`) were rejected.
  * Reason for rejection: Missing navbar required for MVP 0.
  * Issue is being worked on ASAP by @melielele  and @ahseya2169  and will be up for a PR tomorrow.

### **2. Team Structure Changes**

* **Team Lead & Scrum Master :**
  * Team Leads and Scrum Masters (minimum myself) will meet biweekly to address and close outstanding items.
  * Sub-teams have autonomy to manage their own internal processes and organization.

### **3. Action Items (TODO)**

* **PR Review:** Review 1 PR to earn points.
* **Task Selection:** Everyone needs to choose a task. Please refer to the announcement in the  `#ü§ù-task-picking` channel for instructions.
* **Secretary for Meeting Notes:** We need someone to volunteer as secretary for future meeting notes. I can't multitask üò≠
* **Team Lead Standup Schedule:** Team Leads need to coordinate and agree on a weekly standup time in `#üëë-team-leads-n-scrum-masters`

